Happy go lucky was Willy you see,
walking the way with God full of glee.

When all of a sudden anger overwhelmed his mind,
Willy knew this was evil, he was too familiar with this kind.

He strained like an old bottle, filled with new wine,
If not for God's Spirit, it would not have been confined.

Issued forth from his mouth all over the place,
Willy's vessel defiled, would have been sorely disgraced.

Borne on eagle's wings Willy was escorted safely away,
And happy go lucky was Willy the rest of that day.

Perplexed Willy was, but despair he would not,
He would plead his case to the Most High to straighten this knot.

Many hours Willy heard silence after his plea,
Persevering onward, he wondered, did the Most High hear me?

Comforted with peace that no man can define,
Relentless adversaries kept him close to his lifeline.

One morning Willy awoke and he noticed something was lost,
And he couldn't even identify the thing that was tossed.

One by one he counted his ribs and his coins made of silver,
Finding nothing amiss, he summoned again for the law giver.

Not even a moment and the heaven opened wide,
A white horse and his rider raced down to Willy's side.

His eyes flames of fire and many crowns he did wear,
Just before landing he softly spoke "I have heard thy prayer."

His hand beckoning Willy, His intent in plain view,
He spoke again to Willy "Come, I will show you."

No sooner had Willy climbed upon the white horse,
Furiously sprinting upwards he set upon his course.

Arriving high in the heavens far above the earth,
To a city of great peace and joy and of mirth.

Flames of fire prepared Willy to approach the throne,
Clothed in his white robe that his best friend had sewn.

A voice of many waters thundered throughout the city,
It was now Willy's time, to meet the committee.

As the court session progressed the adversary went first,
proclaiming all Willy's guilt he condemned Willy as cursed.

Knowing he was guilty Willy could respond not a word,
But, the Judge demanded "What say ye of what we have heard?"

Willy's public Defender simply pointed to the altar of sacrifice,
Immediately the Judge's gavel descended not once, but thrice.

Silence filled the room as the judgment was declared,
"Case dismissed" was the verdict, as the adversary despaired.

Willy was sent back to his country, in his heart a new song,
Not knowing at the first, that changing him was God's plan all along.
